HW2 UDP Reliable File Transfer

 +   Overview    +

In this homework, you will build up a UDP connection to transfer specific file. 
You should use 3 different timeout methods to test if there is any packet loss 
during the transmission. As the real-world packets are not easy to manipulate, 
we will use EstiNet network simulator to simulate the network situation. 

In this homework, the network topology will simply drop packets. No delay or 
reordering packets will be occurred. You can implement a simpler version for 
this homework. As contract, delay and reordering packets will need to be process
when the competition we hold around January 2013 and the bandwidth/time 
efficiency of that competition will be an important issue.

You should use 3 different timeout methods in this homework, therefore you should
hand-in 3 different program codes to complete this homework. Besides, you should 
write a report around 250~350 word to explain your implementation. 

The due day will be 12/14 23:59

 + Specification +

You should hand-in 6 different codes, 3 different timeout methods and each method 
should have a program that is responsible for file uploading, and another for file 
downloading. Note that you should use UDP connection only. 

1.	Timeout using SIGALRM      (30%)
2.	Timeout using select       (30%)
3.	Timeout using setsockopt   (30%)
    (Report and demo for 10%)

Every uploading program should read file from "/tmp/input.tar" and write file to 
"received.tar".

Use EstiNet network simulator introduced in the HW2 guide.pdf to simulate the packet
loss environment. As TA will run your program on EstiNet and check the file received
is no different from the input, you should test your program under circumstance below:

* Link delay: 15000us
* Link bandwidth: 100Mbps
* Packet loss rate: 8% on both sides
* Random number seed: 18353

Because of the new policy, CS department has built a system for detecting software 
plagiarism. We will input everyone's code to that system. Make sure your code is safe 
with yourself, and there will be punishment for those students steals others codes. 

Please don't take any chance coping your friends' work.
